Updated requirements for Discord Botlist Best Practices page. (#10)
botblock/discord-botlist-best-practices: README.md

   - No broken links/buttons.
4. have consistent uptime.
   - Minor downtime for maintenance or fixing issues is fine

> 5. have bot listing requirements (such as, no NSFW outside NSFW channels, respect ratelimites, don't respond to other bots, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. have bot listing requirements (such as no NSFW outside NSFW channels, respect rate-limits, don't respond to other bots, etc.)
```

Author: Would we want to do `Have minimum bot requirements (such as but not limited to, no NSFW outside NSFW channels, respect ratelimites, etc.)` or `Have minimum bot requirements.`

## Your bot list should:

1. not display all bots on the homepage.

> 2. not be hosted on any free hosting provider (Glitch, RedHat OpenShift, Heroku, etc.).

Reviewer 2: Remove the examples as we once agreed to not give those as examples since people would complain "But what about xyz?"

Author: Cool, updated.

Reviewer: We've had this same discussion before in previous iterations of this file, I am strongly against listing specific services.

Author: Works with me.

3. be mobile friendly.
4. not be paid access only.
5. have an API with good documentation.
   - API should support `GET`ting bot information
      - Sends a JSON body for the response data
   - API should support `POST`ing bot stats
      - Server/guild count
      - Shard support
      - Uses an Authorization header
      - Accepts a JSON body format for data
6. respond with correct status codes.
   - All pages that load correctly should respond with a 2xx status code
   - Not found (404) pages should respond with a 404 status code
   - Any API should also send correct status codes

> 7. have a ToS and Privacy page.

Reviewer 2: This is imo more a must.

Author: moved.
